content/about/highlights.md, before:

---
title: "Awards and Honours"
date: 2021-05-10T11:36:23+02:00
menu:
    main:
        parent: "about"
---

- **[SC17 Best Paper Award](https://www.gauss-centre.eu/news/newsflashes/lmu-tum-research-team-wins-best-paper-award-at-sc17)**, SC17 Supercomputing Conference, Denver, USA. Most prestigious prize for application driven high-performance computing awarding the longest and largest multi-physics simulations performed to date modelling the 2004 Sumatra-Andaman earthquake
- **IWSM 2017 Award Winning Poster**. Bauer, Alexander, Fabian Scheipl, Helmut Küchenhoff, and Alice-Agnes Gabriel. (2017), Modeling spatio-temporal earthquake dynamics using generalized functional additive regression, in Proceedings of the 32nd International Workshop on Statistical Modelling, 3-7 July, 2017, Groningen, Netherlands. .
- **[2014 ACM Gordon Bell Prize Finalist](https://www.scientific-computing.com/news/2014-gordon-bell-prize-finalists-announced?news_id=2534)**, Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) at Supercomputing Conference SC14, New Orleans, USA. Highly competitive, annually awarded prize for outstanding achievements in high-performance computing. In our submission, we performed multi-physics simulations of a 1992 Landers earthquake scenario on the largest existing supercomputers
- **[PRACE ISC Award 2014](https://prace-ri.eu/prace-awards-at-isc-2014/)**, best-paper-type prize awarded by the Partnership for Advanced Computing in Europe (PRACE) at the ISC High Performance conference. Our awarded paper featured the first petascale production run (wave propagation in Mount Merapi, with complex topography) with SeisSol on SuperMUC. 

# Activities

- **Reproducibility Challenge at the SC18 Student Cluster Competition**. The SC17 best paper on the simulation of the Sumatra 2004 earthquake with SeisSol was selected as the [Reproducibilty Challenge](https://sc18.supercomputing.org/sc18-announces-selected-paper-for-next-student-cluster-competition-reproducibility-challenge/) for the [Student Cluster Competition](https://www.studentclustercompetition.us/) 2018. Reports on the reproducibility efforts of the student tams were published in a [special issue of Parallel Computing](https://www.sciencedirect.com/journal/parallel-computing/vol/90/suppl/C).

Commit message:

Updated highlights sections - added SCC22 and SC23 showcase

content/about/highlights.md, after:

---
title: "Awards and Honours"
date: 2021-05-10T11:36:23+02:00
menu:
    main:
        parent: "about"
---

- **[SC17 Best Paper Award](https://www.gauss-centre.eu/news/newsflashes/lmu-tum-research-team-wins-best-paper-award-at-sc17)**, SC17 Supercomputing Conference, Denver, USA. Most prestigious prize for application driven high-performance computing awarding the longest and largest multi-physics simulations performed to date modelling the 2004 Sumatra-Andaman earthquake
- **IWSM 2017 Award Winning Poster**. Bauer, Alexander, Fabian Scheipl, Helmut Küchenhoff, and Alice-Agnes Gabriel. (2017), Modeling spatio-temporal earthquake dynamics using generalized functional additive regression, in Proceedings of the 32nd International Workshop on Statistical Modelling, 3-7 July, 2017, Groningen, Netherlands. .
- **[2014 ACM Gordon Bell Prize Finalist](https://www.scientific-computing.com/news/2014-gordon-bell-prize-finalists-announced?news_id=2534)**, Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) at Supercomputing Conference SC14, New Orleans, USA. Highly competitive, annually awarded prize for outstanding achievements in high-performance computing. In our submission, we performed multi-physics simulations of a 1992 Landers earthquake scenario on the largest existing supercomputers
- **[PRACE ISC Award 2014](https://prace-ri.eu/prace-awards-at-isc-2014/)**, best-paper-type prize awarded by the Partnership for Advanced Computing in Europe (PRACE) at the ISC High Performance conference. Our awarded paper featured the first petascale production run (wave propagation in Mount Merapi, with complex topography) with SeisSol on SuperMUC. 

# Activities

- **Ridgecrest Simulation as SC23 Scientific Visualization & Data Analytics Showcase**. Led by the Texas Advanced Computing Center, a SeisSol simulation of the 2019 Ridgecrest Earthquake was featured as Scientific Visualization & Data Analytics Showcase at SC23. See our [blog article](https://seissol.org/post/ridgecrest-study/) for more details.
- **Mystery Application at the SC22 Student Cluster Competition**. The SC21 paper on the simulation of the 2018 Palu, Sulawesi eartquake-tsunami event was selected as the *Mystery Application* for the [Student Cluster Competition](https://www.studentclustercompetition.us/) 2022. See our [blog article](https://seissol.org/post/seissol-scc22/) for more details.  
- **Reproducibility Challenge at the SC18 Student Cluster Competition**. The SC17 best paper on the simulation of the Sumatra 2004 earthquake with SeisSol was selected as the [Reproducibilty Challenge](https://sc18.supercomputing.org/sc18-announces-selected-paper-for-next-student-cluster-competition-reproducibility-challenge/) for the [Student Cluster Competition](https://www.studentclustercompetition.us/) 2018. Reports on the reproducibility efforts of the student tams were published in a [special issue of Parallel Computing](https://www.sciencedirect.com/journal/parallel-computing/vol/90/suppl/C).
